Sprint Retrospective:

List of Meeting Participants: Harshil Shah, Dariya Khojasteh, Richard Hernandez, Tianhua Lyu, John Marshall

The process aspects that will be changed are that we will make sure to double check that all of our team members have a valid refactor earlier on in the sprint by following up with each team member after our scrum to see the status of their refactor.

For sprint planning, we will make sure to explicitly include things from previous sprint's retrospective into the new sprint backlog.

For sustainable pace, we will make sure we are working an even amount per day and not committing too much code one day. We hope to do this by coordinating and estimating approximately how many commits we are going to make per day as a team and estimate how many LOC that translates to.

We will also make sure to follow TDD standards more closely and ensure that all methods have a test case written for them before pushing our code. We missed one method this sprint that we thought we had written a test case for, however, we were unable to track it down.

For continuous integration, we will make sure that the build passes on GitHub before merging. We will do this by making sure we commit our code earlier on in the sprint, so we do not run into Travis issues at the last minute which is what happened this past sprint.

For coverage, we will make sure to run Corbetura before submitting our code to ensure that we still have full statement and branch coverage and we will ensure that our README file has all the information the CP's need to run our project because due to some database resetting issues, we lost a lot of points for coverage even though it worked fine locally.

In terms of tasks that we will add based on sprint review are: build separate tables for historical vs portfolio stocks, add acceptance tests for if a user tries to access home.jsp without logging in, add error checking for malformed CSV files. We will also work on building the graph based on the feedback we received from CPs to properly account for when the user removes and adds stocks from their portfolio. The reason for these changes is due to feedback from CP's during our sprint review and our sprint 4 grading report.
